fashion review that's right that's what
this channel needs right now a top 10
list
finally a top 10 list of something I
know barely anything about that'll do it
that'll get them watching so I wanted to
make another video on fashion but
specifically fashion memes and I had a
few things in mind already but I still
asked you guys on Twitter for some
suggestions and oh boy that was a lot of
fashion memes I don't think hey you want
to look like a dragon pair what in the
world I think it's safe to say that
fashion and memes are becoming closer
and closer you have these steal his look
means remember those very cheap price
very good price but let's go through my
top 10 fashion memes list everybody yeah
for some reason I thought it was a good
idea to do a top 10 of this number one
ball and see yaga IKEA bang that's right
of revival high-end designer balance
Iago they call it the arena extra-large
shopping tote it's going viral because
do you notice that it looks something
similar to maybe the IQ oh not that it's
fraktur stop stealing our culture how
many meatballs can I fit in that bad boy
hmm you could get the bouncy a good
designer bag for 2540 or the low low
price of the 99 cents for IKEA is prokta
and best of all no assembly required on
that particular i mean i'd buy it just
to represent Sweden I also really like
that idea Aziz so yeah for the low price
of two thousand one hundred and forty
dollars
you two can embrace Swedish culture I
mean I practically grew up with these
bags
it's kind of funny IKEA responds to
policy I guess blue bag in the best way
possible so they responded with a meme
it wasn't really much of a meme it
really was kind of disappointing
number two unintentional Vigano do you
want to dress up looking like a bug on
oh i'm sorry let me rephrase that do you
want to dress up looking like a Vigano
just for a thousand dollars that's right
I know which option you're picking what
look no farther this Fendi scarf looks
like mm-hmm you know I feel bad if
anyone's seen a pagana like that I'm
sorry
here's the upside down version maybe
this item in particular should have been
on a model and not just shown itself
just just a thought
food for thought or just thought number
three on our list everybody that's right
we're going fast we're going hard here's
a meme that I personally fell for that's
right I bought this belt I really like
this brand it's the Alex rollercoaster
belt you've probably seen these they're
quite popular they go for 273 pounds
they're really cool belts okay stop
hating don't judge me okay they're cold
belts I like the black brand what do you
want for me you can buy these ripoff
ones for 30 bucks I've seen even less
obviously you shouldn't you shouldn't do
that okay don't don't steal the reason
why I'm bringing up the the copy is
because the original the 273 pound one
it doesn't fit it doesn't fit any pants
you can't wear this belt so you pay you
pay over $300 for a belt that you can't
use good job I have to help out the
people that are curious onto how to
actually put this damn belt yes use help
and all that people how the hell do I
turn it on on this and can't even get
use out of it which is unfortunate but
I'm here to help so what are the tips so
what are the tips this is not fitting in
here that makes no sense like you just
cannot do it practically if you want to
wear this belt you got to go to a tailor
to
entered the belt so if you want to spend
like I don't know an hour putting the
belt on you can you can get it through
but if you have I don't know a different
fabric material you're likely to just
break your pants I don't know
sad just sad number four
gutsy Gundam Gucci gang but you guns you
get your gun - could you gun them do you
want to dress like your favorite anime
character for the low price of $1700 cuz
Gucci sold these at jackets or outfits
for for that price and on the Japanese
market people were quick to point out
and it look very similar to that Gundam
outfits I mean look at the Cubs look at
the belt look at the neck the shoulders
the boots it's pretty similar they even
had the red version of the jacket it's
pretty Jackie I'm like a like alright
like I wouldn't wear it which was also
resembles to another Gundam character
who'd she made a statement about this
apparently where they said that it
wasn't intentional or maybe they've
watched Gundam and that's how it sort of
happened but they can either deny or
confirm but considering how Gucci
already does a lot of anime or vintage
anime inspired looks I think it's safe
to say that this this was an inspiration
at least could this be the world's most
expensive cosplay number 5 everybody mom
Claire they've been doing a lot of
collaborations I think they call it
Montclair genius honestly I think a lot
of them are really dope they did one we
Craig Craig Green and it's pretty crazy
I saw a lot of you guys sending me this
one and I I've seen it already I wanted
to bring it up in my last video this is
just the thing that I think a lot of
people don't realize these are just
promotional designs you may think how
would anyone possibly wear this this is
just ridiculous they're not made to wear
they're just made to I don't know be
promo get people to talk about it and
clearly it works but even then I can
appreciate the design of it I think it
looks awesome and then looking at the
actual commercial jacket of it it's cool
it's a cool jacket like I would buy it
unless I if I needed a new jacket which
I
so I'm not gonna spend money it's a cool
jacket I gotta give him prompt that's
not why I'm bringing up Montclair the
reason why is because they did a
collaboration with pierre paulo pitched
piquillo lis and it said it's something
it says it's something to say the least
I don't know it looks like those dolls
what are they cold again they're
interesting to look at I can at least
appreciate the design but I think what
blows my mind on this is that these are
actually the commercial pieces that you
can buy for two thousand four hundred
and fifteen pounds and guess what
they're all sold out so even if you want
it to
for some reason buy it you came there so
that all of them I want to see people
wear these they're probably really warm
and comfortable to be fair can you
imagine going out in the snowstorm don't
worry fam I got just the outfit very
nice number six goes to video games
that's right I kind of combine this
category you've probably seen this it
was a few years ago where the final
fantasy character lightning did a
collaboration with Louboutin ad to
promote these handbags and outfits and
way to hit a very niche market of the
female gamers that are also loaded and
also into high-end fashion
[Music]
funny enough I think today or maybe a
few days ago Capcom did a similar thing
although they're not collaborating with
any fashion brand they did launch their
own clothing pieces as a connection to
their launch of their new game Devil May
Cry 5 so the three main characters they
have a super luxury replica custom
version super luxury to say the least
you can do you can first of all get this
jacket that's missing half the arm for
seven hundred fifty thousand yen which i
think is about six thousand six hundred
fifty dollars what's funny about this is
that you can buy it with the video game
yes please you made the jacket and the
video game so I can wear it while
playing I mean they're pretty pieces I
think if you put these in a high-end
fashion store no one would really
question about it combining it with this
video game it's kind of silly but I
don't know there's something interesting
about it as well so this jacket is the
scanned version of that I've done this
jacket it's a cool jacket another very
very expensive cosplay to be fair it
looks like extremely high quality at
least from what I can tell from it you
know people will be buying you know
people will be dropping money on this
big time I mean this Final Fantasy or
Japanese type of games are always made
to make the characters look cool in the
strangest way possible so I kind of get
it it makes sense I just wonder who will
fall for this meme number seven I just
spit everywhere
gucchi that's right they get their own
category congratulations you know I
wanted to just bring up their face mask
I wish I talked about in the last video
I was so confused why would people wear
these face masks I mean I bought one
myself so I guess I shouldn't be asking
that they're silly to say the least but
they're not crazy expensive one hundred
seventy-five pounds please don't quote
me on that
I'm just saying compared to all these
other items they're not that crazy but
the real reason Gucci gets on this meme
the fact that they have this sort of
Russian Baba inspired outfits
like this one for example it's literally
that get the look on this one shop the
look
ok sure that'll be 6,000 ok sure sure
what not this was literally a meme on my
own subreddit Gucci 5000 babushka half a
dollar
wicked buy what is that
No
no I don't know the thing with good
she's like they have all links really
silly items but like I mentioned in the
last video they do have really cool
pieces as well that I genuinely do like
and ever since their latest designer
again they they honestly they've been
killing it so they get a high spot on
the list number eight moving on big
shoes everybody then they're the meme
that I fell for I mean who would
possibly buy big shoes why would anyone
fall for this me you have the ball in
see I guess shoes that got super popular
you have the Gucci shoes are really big
and same sense I mean they're so similar
it's almost like one type of shoe gets
popular and then all the other brands
just try and see who can yell the
loudest it's interesting to look back at
people's opinion on these type of shoes
a year ago I know some people are still
feeling this way but they make the worst
shoe ever made that they still will
probably buy eight hundred dollars but
now you see so many brands just kind of
taking and borrowing from this design as
well
I think that's interesting you know
people first they laugh and then they
they copy it then you of course have
that one that one person that just has
to take it about five thousand steps too
far Thank You vtements
but of course let's not ignore the god
father of sneakers the king of sneakers
that may sound Maggie Ella a fusion
sneaker oh yeah just a thousand four
hundred pounds you know most people when
they buy expensive sneakers they want to
make sure that debt nothing gets on them
you know no dirt whatsoever with these
you really don't have to worry I think
the more dirt the better
I love reading the reviews on these as
well is this a joke this is the new load
super tacky fashion isn't fashion if it
makes you look bad past I mean people
clearly are buying them from most places
I saw they were sold out
number nine we're getting there
everybody number nine goes to vtements
and what can I say about that de mons
well they're like obviously they like it
big and oversized the thing though I'm a
bit conflicted about them because I am I
on ironically likes it despite it
looking very silly over the top and I
think a lot of people would probably ask
why the hell would you spend money all
night I read that I read this quote
about vitamins that said I think the
hype around vitamins says more about how
boring fashion is right now than it does
about vitamins itself and I want to say
I kinda have to agree they do cool
pieces in a way that is at least unique
maybe it maybe I'm wrong here I don't
know it's the same look at guys fashion
for example it's t-shirts hoodies and
sweatshirts and it doesn't really get
any weirder than that it doesn't get it
really doesn't go outside of that box at
least for most people
I mean street wear is and basically as
far as it goes for most most guys around
my age or younger so I like what they're
doing I think it's interesting I also
thought it was interesting with the
latest collection the the designer comes
from Georgia and he left QR codes
incorporated in his in his pieces so
that people can found out the story
about Georgia
he said that growing up in Georgia
everyone wore the exact same clothes
they're mixing fashion with spreading a
message
so despite it being you know in a lot of
people's eyes very silly and
over-the-top it just have some more
depth to it as well and I don't know
that's cool number 10 spot we finally
did it
who's gonna take it obviously obviously
Balenciaga I mean I've already mentioned
them so many times in this video it's
almost like they need a video on its own
they definitely deserve the number one
spot from the Ikea bag to the Macdonald
Fry's shoes
half price 425 pounds very nice to the
Balenciaga Crocs super high heels to the
Balenciaga supermarket
should we bang through the Valencia
shirt t-shirt shirt yes of course - the
Balenciaga multi-layered jacket multi
multi Multi multi layer jackets only
9000 valency agha is clearly leading
this meme there's fashion meme of not
taking itself too seriously at all I
guess I don't know but the same thing
with vitamins I think it's interesting
they're doing more you know despite
being very silly everyone makes fun of
Balan Saket it's like it's a thing they
did a collaboration with World Food
Program where they donated $250,000 to
end world hunger in 2030 and they give
away part of the profits from the sales
to this cause you can criticize it for
being overly expensive and all these
things but at least they're doing
something positive my sweet daughter
have nothing love proud
any last words
[Music]
[Applause]
well here is the newest item from
high-end clothing brand Balenciaga one
of the items in their fall 2018 line is
a t-shirt shirt it looks a lot like a
t-shirt attached to a collared shirt and
if you think that's weird wait until you
hear the price the newest fashion trend
will cost you 1245 bucks oh I think it's
easy to criticize how ridiculously
over-the-top and overly expensive these
items are and how you can spend that
money on literally anything else and you
know I've done that myself it's it's
it's a funny it's a it's a gag that
everyone plays into but the thing is
these brands know what they're doing I
mean they know that the more people talk
about them the better so while a lot of
people show these things to ridicule it
it obviously helps build the brands as
well and they are aware of it it's the
same of that Kanye video you know they
they wear these stupid outfits and
everyone's like haha look how dumb they
look it's not like they don't know what
they were wearing it felt like they just
accidentally fell into this outfit me
like oh no this is so embarrassing
people talked about the video because of
the outfits and it's this exact same
thing with this song have been popular
otherwise I think probably not as much
at the very least people always seem to
so upset about the prices as well why
are these so expensive why would anyone
pay for this I will seem like really
angry comments about it but it's almost
like the prize sort of legitimizes it if
these clothes didn't cost much then
people wouldn't care and if they closed
it and cost that much then people
wouldn't buy it people wouldn't want it
if these items were cheap then it
wouldn't have that desirable effect for
people while we so while a lot of people
share these items
as a way to ridicule and make fun of
that's what makes it possible for them
to exist it's almost like while making
fun of them we are making fun of
ourselves that sounded very deep so on
that note I'm gonna end that video there
what do you guys think let me know do
you agree with this list is there
something I missed I pretty sure there's
a lot this was interesting regardless
leave a like if you enjoyed and I will
see you guys tomorrow bye